Why is this wine so fragrant?
It's really top Erguotou, of course it's fragrant
Give me a taste
If you want to taste it, you can kneel down and beg
Please have a drink with me
Damn it's so expensive
Why not kneel down to drink such a good wine?
Ah!
Ah clean and dry
Huichang lasts
I have never drunk such good wine
Pour me another glass and I'll cry again
Get out of here, I just want this bottle of wine
What do you drink in the air?
Get out of the way
Don't affect my wine tasting with the princess
It smells so good, princess, I'll pour you another glass
This wine is strong enough
This wine is 56 degrees strong of course
I'll put it on your board again.
It tastes good. Let's drink more, shall we?
If you drink again, you will be drunk.
Caiyun went to prepare a few good dishes
Hehe, how would I have a chance if I didn't get you drunk?